Template: apt-listchanges/apt-hook-p
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should apt-listchanges be automatically run by apt?
 One way to use apt-listchanges is to configure apt to run apt-listchanges on
 packages that have been downloaded for installation or upgrade.  This way,
 each time you perform an installation or upgrade using apt,
 apt-listchanges will show you the changes that are about to be made
 to your system.
 .
 I can perform this configuration for you if you like.  Since you can also run
 apt-listchanges manually on .deb archives, this step is optional.

Template: apt-listchanges/frontend
Type: select
Choices: pager, xterm-pager, text, none
Default: pager
Description: How should changelogs be displayed by default?
 apt-listchanges can display changelog entries in a number of different ways.
 .
 pager - Use your preferred pager
 .
 xterm-pager - Use your preferred pager in an xterm in the background
 .
 text  - Print changelogs to your terminal (without pausing)
 .
 Choose 'none' if you only want to receive changelogs via email.
 This setting can be overridden by a command-line option.

Template: apt-listchanges/email-address
Type: string
Default: root
Description: To whom should apt-listchanges mail changelog entries?
 apt-listchanges can email a copy of displayed changelogs.  To what
 email address should they be sent?  Specify "none" if no email should
 be sent.

Template: apt-listchanges/confirm
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should apt-listchanges prompt for confirmation after displaying changelogs?
 After giving you a chance to display changelog entries,
 apt-listchanges can ask whether or not you would like to continue.
 This is useful when running from apt, as it gives you a chance to
 abort the upgrade if you see a change you do not want to apply (yet).
 .
 This setting only applies when running from apt.  Otherwise, it can be
 requested with a command line option.

Template: apt-listchanges/overwrite_etc_apt_listchanges_conf
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should apt-listchanges overwrite your /etc/apt/listchanges.conf?
 apt-listchanges can configure all of the options in
 /etc/apt/listchanges.conf by asking you questions.  This file is read
 and processed every time apt-listchanges is run, and is used to set
 defaults.  All of the options can be overridden on the command line.
 .
 If you want to edit /etc/apt/listchanges.conf manually for whatever
 reason, answer "no" now.

Template: apt-listchanges/save-seen
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should apt-listchanges skip changelogs that have already been seen?
 apt-listchanges has the ability to keep track of which changelog
 entries have already been displayed, and to skip them in future invocations.
 This is useful, for example, when retrying an upgrade.
